hey guys welcome to another diet live
video I'm with my powerful dude where
does his little special attack of his
muscle which is awesome about guys you
have been sending me loads and loads of
stuff on the mouth the mailbox so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna go through
some of the stuff you sent me and look
at the money someone sent me which is so
give him a shout-out for this for this
bad boy how's this going for like you've
received a gift you've received the gift
when it comes to sir he has sent me
eight hundred and thirty eight billion
eight hundred and sixty eight million
five hundred sixty one thousand three
hundred and sixty three coins um I will
take that many coins now if we press it
so many coins ding oh look how many I'm
nearly on like a hundred billion coins
guys I'm good after a start going on two
different people's games or just giving
you some money seriously I've got so
much money on this game
Wow how did he get that money in the
first place
seriously but what we're gonna do we're
gonna go for it you can see it comes up
their game of tag as well so all you
guys your subscribers and stuff uh sent
me some cool oh look that's sir
sent me some more stuff but we're gonna
go through a few and that'd be the end
of the video but if you enjoyed this I
can do it like every week or whenever
and if you think it's a good idea I've
done a video like this before and you
guys seem to really enjoy it so I will
do it again
I didn't think it'd kick off really but
because I think it's just opening mail
from you guys but you seem to really
enjoy it so we're going to start with I
have no idea I'm gonna plants all of
these wrong apart from lucky charm 1981
but Cabana Cabana Cabana 106 um already
sent me a weapons okay the game oh he's
quite cool never sure I've got a show so
many times so I've got lucky charm
I've got lucky charm faith or Wow looks
quite coarse and last nice
or we sent me a sword well help me I've
never ever seen that helmet that seems
quite cool lucky charm
how many staff
blah blah blah was that crunk skunk
I send me a ring so after try all these
stuff after we compute meow Mix like all
this stuff Susan meow Mix oh we have to
make a rule called ode has just joined
as though or allege I code out there
actually know if you can eventually you
should be out of here me well we're
gonna carry on that oh you have no room
I got my stuff and how long is he going
for got it sir sending me lies won't if
you sent me any more money
Rob we've got our egami sent me some
stuff at peace since
origami guys he's the one that had the
rainbow sold seriously where is it there
he is
so we're gonna see what he says but half
of this stuff on my even too short
because halfway I'm actually gonna blow
away
oh look to identify I'm only gonna do a
quick video for you guys oh look at that
I've never even seen half of these
weapons identified a sword no ice as he
say look somebody basically weapons I'm
not even too sure if they're good or bad
I said that or what how many rings as
well I'd like to see that helmet but I
just got and I need to go back on here
where these rings rings puzzle ring
hello puts my defense up a unity
assassin's creed unity I love a shield
over it and it's the same one look I've
got an exactly same one there
it's a lot better than the one I've got
so much stiff stiff there you go what
every single video of mine I've got a
word it don't make sense but that's just
me Oh
the travelers pledge no I see I have to
look for as well gone you know after I
never look for all this because
that looks bass live anymore I've got
some alone oh I've hit that off just put
it in a finger no I'm just nice what was
on where was it you guys take that back
okay we're gonna try and put this on
actually bum bum bum bum bum bum what
one was it is this on I think actually
put me up cuz I've done 15 million
damage it's put me up to seventeen point
three million a lot of people out there
gonna comment on this video I can do two
hundred million damage I don't know but
I'm just literally just going for cool
stuff I has to help me I wanted this
thing 699 that's like that's got a lot
of stuff by my homies better though 719
strip for know that Wow we're gonna have
a look see what our egami
gives me and when we're gonna cuz he
sends me some cool stuff how I got army
every tree is still full what is it
still for I just got rid of some Steve
yeah sure I didn't get rid of some stuff
that's good idea hello mate how's it
going let's put some shields in mmm I'm
just going for it see weapons unless
you're sure I'll let you two put on my
wedding because I'm not too sure about
the weapons always look for him after
boom lovely jubbly paragon me just see
what he does quick and out me the end of
video give him some money who's with me
as well
two-handed swords that was said what it
is look at least sir bloody money mentor
someone else sends me some money or a
woman rare it's a lot of ugly stuff just
looking for it after as well I'm gonna
give this note had um
have you tried a forgot a trade let's
give this dose of money
pie boom cool dude oh I did it trade
always I'm gonna hold it you up there
with me
sort of right o god of me dodes
trade me site I'll give you some money
David how much money look how much money
he's got whatever you can buff you can
look how much money he's got as he left
he has left it was this little can I was
gonna give him like a hundred million
Arthur
oh well well guys if you enjoyed this
video we're gonna open some more on the
next video so I'm gonna have to sort my
stuff out I never look and then I'll
open some more from you guys so thank
you for everyone it's given me some
stuff list so much stuff seriously so
thank you yeah if you enjoyed this video
hit the like button if you want to see
some more is there anything on dire
blood that you want to say you just
gotta let me know in the comment section
below and I will do it for you guys but
hopefully you enjoyed it hit the like
button subscribe for more content I'll
see you in my next video